docs: Improve blockchain-link README (#3935)
trezor/trezor-suite: packages/blockchain-link/README.md

All methods can fail and return an error eg. in case the BE is offline.

- `getInfo`: Get general information about the network, like current block-height, name, smallest possible division, etc.
- `getBlockHash`: Get hash of a block of given height.
- `getAccountInfo`: Get info about an account, eg. derived addresses, balance, transaction history etc.
- `getAccountUtxo`: Get unspent inputs for given account. Only bitcoin(like) networks.
- `getAccountBalanceHistory`: Get historical progression of given account's balance. Used for rendering a graph in Suite's dashboard.
- `getCurrentFiatRates`: Get current fiat rates.
- `getFiatRatesForTimestamps`: Get historical fiat rates, only some networks support this.
- `getFiatRatesTickersList`: Get fiat currencies for which rates are available.
- `estimateFee`: Get ‘recommended’ fee value inferred from current traffic in the network.
- `subscribe`: Subscribe for live changes in
    - blockchain i.e new blocks mined.
    - accounts, addresses i.e. new transactions broadcasted or mined.
    - fiatRates

>     - connection to BE (HANDSHAKE, CONNECT, DISCONNECT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - connection to BE (CONNECT, DISCONNECT)
```
HANDSHAKE is not emitted, it's used internally to detect that webworker is properly loaded

Author: Removed in 7035c68564a5ed2feb518b40811c36120c01f29d

>     Handling subscription state is left to the user. (Hence the purpose of HANDSHAKE, CONNECT and DISCONNECT notifications.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Handling subscription state is left to the user. (Hence the purpose of CONNECT and DISCONNECT notifications.)
```
explained above

Author: removed in 7035c68564a5ed2feb518b40811c36120c01f29d

- `unsubscribe`: Cancel existing subscription.

> - `getTransaction`: Get info about a given transaction. Return value of this method is not identical across networks; this method exposes the specific transaction format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getTransaction`: Get info about a given transaction. Return value of this method is not identical across networks; this method exposes raw response from BE.
```

Author: edited in d3b99a7fc7ccb700217b34233a08e3795153422c

> - `pushTransaction`: Broadcast given transaction to the network.

Author: I'm not sure if this is the best place to put this list. I'd much rather have this information *in the code* as doc comments. However I didn't find a single place where the API methods are defined including the inputs and outputs.Like, for example, some TS interface.

Reviewer: we can move it to standalone file `methods.md` and do anchor link from here.

all api methods with typed parameters and responses are in the root [index file](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/src/index.ts#L121-L128)

Author: Moved to doc-comments in index.ts in 7035c68564a5ed2feb518b40811c36120c01f29d

## Usage

Add blockchain-link to your dependencies.

```shell
yarn add @trezor/blockchain-link
```

And use it.

```javascript
import BlockchainLink from '@trezor/blockchain-link';

const link = new BlockchainLink({

>     name: 'Name used in logs.';

Author: @szymonlesisz Could you elaborate on the purpose of the `name`? Does it any functional significance?

Reviewer: when you are using multiple instances of BlockchainLink api you can find them by name. Example: https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/src/ui/index.ui.ts#L18

Author: Aha, I can see it isn't used at all in the `BlockchainLink` itself. I'd say that's a bit of an antipattern - naming and indexing instances of the class is usually a job of the user. The instance itself has no reason to know how it's named.

Anyway, this is out of scope of this PR. Resolving.

    worker: 'path/to/the/worker.js';
    server: ['url1.of.the.be', 'url2.of.the.be'];
    debug: true;
});

try {
    const resp = link.getInfo();
} catch(error) {

}
```

## Development

This package provides a simple testing UI for playing around with various implementations and BEs. Run it with

```shell
yarn
yarn dev
```

> ### Build

Author: It would be nice to also have a section on publishing. @szymonlesisz could you elaborate on that?

Reviewer: sure, you can put this in to separate file `publishing.md` and do a link from here
```
## Publishing `@trezor/blockchain-link` library
__Make sure that you do have npm account and access to write to @trezor/blockchain-link package.__

1. Make sure that CHANGELOG is up to date, usually it is not so walk thru commits and update it.
1. Manually change version number in `./packages/blockchain-link/package.json` file

### Production
1. `cd ./packages/blockchain-link` - go to the root of package
1. `yarn build:lib` - build library
1. `npm publish` - publish library

### Beta

If you want to publish to npm as `beta` (from any branch) do the following:

1. `cd ./packages/blockchain-link` - go to the root of package
1. `vim ./package.json`, manually change version from `X.X.X` to `X.X.(X + 1)-beta.1` [2]
1. `yarn build:lib` - build library
1. `npm publish --tag beta` - publish library

[2] Versioning in npm is sensitive and cannot be reverted. Once you publish a version it is "gone" forever.
For example if the current version is `1.0.17` and you publish `1.0.18` by mistake with custom `beta` tag the next official version will have to be `1.0.19`
This is why the suffix `1.0.17-beta.[number]` in published package.json is important. You can do another releases with `-beta.2` `-beta.3` etc. instead of bumping real version patch number.

```

Author: Added (slightly edited) in de4db0e8b6fa2f572e587b52a45142c7bd1e9824

```
yarn lint
yarn test
yarn build
```

### Workers compilation

> Workers are already built and minified inside `@trezor/blockchain-link/build/` directory.

Reviewer: `./build/module` - contains files where worker is wrapped by primitive self written [webpack plugin ](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/webpack/module-worker-loader.j) into javascript module which can be used as regular module on the main thread. This build is useful for environments where `Worker` is not available, like `react-native`. see [webpack config](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/webpack/workers.module.babel.js).

`./build/web` - contains files for browser based environments. see [webpack config](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/webpack/workers.web.babel.js).

`./build/node` - contains files for node based environments. see [webpack config](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-suite/blob/develop/packages/blockchain-link/webpack/workers.node.babel.js).

All workers could be also build from source on the implementation-side. For example using webpack `worker-loader`:
```
import BlockbookWorker from 'worker-loader?filename=workers/blockbook-worker.[hash].js!@trezor/blockchain-link/lib/workers/blockbook/index.js';
```

Author: Thanks. Incorporated in fb7d3190c5d24e3924ce8f44394b175abcb413c2

Set your project to compile and provide those workers into blockchain-link instance.

> A webpack configuration example using `worker-loader` can be found [here](./webpack/dev.babel.js).

Author: Maybe, this should be rather under the "Usage" section:
